Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Stay tuned.
Next Saturday night, watch Midnight, kill Midnight, a marathon of terror where you'll get the chance to call and win one of two thousand.
Are you afraid of the dark home video and audio cassette prize packages?
Watch and win, Midnight, kill Midnight, starting at 9.30, 8.30 Central.
Extra tri-calice ride?
Tired of the same old reading material.
What's so gross about the national product?
Isn't it time for a magazine that speaks your language?
Now, from the only network for kids, let's get a grown-up to call 1-800-832-5100 to order.
And you can get inside a gym teacher's brain, learn the most annoying car songs,
search through the world's messiest bedroom and much more.
Can you really teach a spider to fetch?
That's 1-800-832-5100 for six colorful, side-splitting issues of Nickelodeon magazine,
each with a comic book inside.
It's 9.97 and only grown-up should call, so...
So write it down and tell your parents.
Don't delay.
And get the magazine that's just for kids.
Forget it, Dad.
Do you want to make more money?
Then call this free number to find out how easy it is to train at home for a better career.
At ICS, you can prepare for an exciting career at home in your spare time.
Choose from any one of these courses.
High school, TGPC, our repair, computer programming,
electrician, animal care specialist, business management, or accounting.
Call 1-800-424-0700 right now for free information on the course of your choice.
There's absolutely no obligation, so call now 1-800-424-0700.
Love, right, Rudy Tricks?
Tricks?
It's a part of his complete breakfast.
And it's just for kids.
This sticker will make it just for rabbits.
Sweet and colorful, bursting with fruity flavor.
Finally, Tricks is mine.
Yours?
Tricks are for rabbits, see?
Whoops.
A sticker.
Very random.
Tricks are for kids.
Who?
I'm stuck.
Now you can stick your nail on all your stuff with fun trick stickers and mark boxes.
Welcome to Snick, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday Morning.
Both comforting and necessary to have idols.
It seems that worshiping someone or something makes people feel better,
gives them something to strive for,
and creates a huge market for autograph albums.
The first recorded idol wasn't a movie star or a rock star.
It wasn't even a person.
It was a golden calf.
In biblical times, people rallied around this monstrosity,
until eventually they figured out the golden calf
was yesterday's equivalent of a ceramic dalmatian.
In more modern times, there have been idols like Elvis Presley.
Idol to millions, even as there was more and more of them to idolize.
How does one become an idol?
Well, many are called, but few are chosen.
You can do something to help mankind.
You can have a hit record or TV series,
or you can be yourself.
And maybe that's enough to make the new girl in school
think you're the greatest thing since sliced pizza.
Albert Einstein once said,
the most beautiful experience you can have is the mysterious.
Of course, Einstein also thought theoretical physics
was more fun than skateboarding.
But how come he never addressed the real mysteries of life?
Like, why is there always a long line-out at the ladies' room?
Why is red cabbage purple?
Why are certain human beings inexplicably drawn to others?
It's not like I was extra friendly or extra nice or extra anything.
And yet the new girl in school Eve seems to really look up to me.
Like, how is her idol or something?
I'd better be careful.
A thing like that can go to a girl's head.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa. Guess what?
Hold that thought, Sam. I just want to finish this sentence.
Okay.
It must be great having your opinion column.
So what's it about?
The rainforest, the whooping crane, whales?
The automobile in today's youth.
As essentials, braces, and probably cheaper.
Cool. And now for something totally amazing.
My dad got called to Tampa for a fly fishing seminar.
Is that totally amazing for your dad or the fish?
For us. Two tickets to the Hellblazer funny car tractor trailer show this Friday night.
Totally amazing.
So you want to go watch them set up?
Sure. In a minute. Eve's coming over. We can all go.
Cool. You two really hit it off.
Well, she hasn't made any other friends yet.
I was going to introduce her to some people at the school paper, but we can do that later.
Hey, Eve.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Eve. Am I just disturbing you?
I know I am. I'll go.
No, don't go. Change of plans, though.
We're going to go watch them fill the mud pit down at the convention center.
Want to come?
Are you sure? I can always come back another time. That is, if you want me to.
We can go to the newspaper later.
Oh, I'm glad you reminded me.
I knew you'd be busy.
So...
You did the research for my column?
Grunge work. Why should you have to do it?
This is unbelievable.
Tori Spelling's braces cost more than a Honda Civic.
Please stick a pricer with options.
And here's the new nirvana tape. You can keep it.
Really?
You shouldn't have.
Nonsense. What are friends for?
And you've done so much for me.
I have?
You were just so friendly the first day at school.
I nodded.
It was a warm nod.
Warm and special, just like you.
Thanks.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
I admired your French braid.
I'd never be able to figure out how to do that.
Oh, it's easy. I'll show you how sometime.
You've got great hair, Eve.
Well, it's okay for her that's dull, lifeless, and mousy brown.
It's not mousy.
It's chestnut, mahogany.
We're at Sienna. You're too kind.
Look, I know we're not tight like you and Sam.
But thanks for letting me be, even in some small way, part of your life.
Hey, no problemo.
You're bilingual. I knew it.
What can't you do, Clarissa Darling?
Oh, one thing I can't do.
I can't get you to stall this attention.
I don't believe it.
Interesting article, dude.
Leonid Hingebottom.
He's gonna be lecturing at the university next week.
Who's Leonid Hingebottom, one of those geeky folk singers from the 60s?
No, he was one of your father's professors in grad school.
Oh, no. He was more than a teacher's sport.
He was my mentor.
Old Hingebottom, he inspired the best work I ever did.
Oh, he was a brilliant educator, a remarkable man.
And I have to give him credit for making me who I am today.
Your father worshipped him, Clarissa.
Yeah, well, I guess you'd have to say that we had a mutual admiration society.
I was his favorite student.
Teacher's pet?
Yeah.
He's gonna be speaking on the 25th. I hope we can get tickets.
25th?
Oh, dear. Marshall does a conflict.
We have theater tickets at night for cats.
Hmm.
Droning, lecture on Ionic and Dora columns or Andrew Ludweber.
That's a tough one.
Well, we can always go to the theater.
I haven't seen Old Hingebottom in 15 years.
Well, all right. I'll call around and see if I can get rid of the tickets.
All right, thanks, hon.
Ferguson, you have had your nose buried in that who's who all week.
What are you looking for?
He's probably looking for his name.
Wrong book. Try what's that.
I did. They gave you a full page.
Anyway, this is a book on the most famous, successful and celebrated people in the world.
Something you could never relate to your cheese breath.
I have a very important decision to make, and I'm stuck.
Try hitting yourself in the head with the book.
Try brushing your teeth with a fork.
Well, what exactly are you looking for, Ferguson?
Ms. Gutenplan is making us start a correspondence with someone we really admire.
I've decided to choose someone famous and successful,
and as circumstances would have it, rich.
Talk about your dream assignment,
a pen pal relationship with someone you can eventually exploit for your own personal gain.
My thought exactly,
but I'm having trouble deciding on who the final person will be.
Well, I wish I could suggest someone, but admiration is such a personal thing.
Yeah, that's true, Mom.
I've got it narrowed down to Donald Trump, Arnold Schwarzenegger,
and the guy who invented 2,000 flushes.
The toilet bowl guy. Perfect.
After all, he's used to dealing with waste products.
A recent study indicates that those who have contributed most to our society know how to drive.
Mere coincidence or prerequisite for success.
Hi, Theresa. Eve, what happened?
Did I do something wrong?
How rude. I should have called you first.
Can you ever forgive me? Probably not.
But no, it's your clothes.
They're just so... so much like mine, sort of.
Do you really think so?
I mean, I've never been able to pull an outfit together.
A born-from. That's Eve Biederberg for you.
You're too hard on yourself.
Let's face it, Clarissa, this whole outfit would look better on you.
I can only work with what I have, which isn't much.
But enough about me.
You can't be expected to work on an empty stomach.
There. What is all this about?
Well, you're so busy, and you need to finish your column.
I just thought that, well, you might be hungry.
You didn't have to go to all this trouble.
What trouble? It's not like I cooked the food.
Though, I did tell them to prepare the burger your way.
Hold the onions extra pickle.
Thanks, Eve. That's good.
The onions makes me weep.
This article is insightful. It's moving.
It's inspirational.
Really? The wit of Russell Baker.
William Sapphire's preciseness of language,
and yet none of the ingenuous all-shots pretension of Garrison Keeler.
Thanks, but that's nothing. Wait till you see my next one.
What's it on?
Sorry, I never reveal a scoop before it sees print.
Oh, come on, you can tell me.
Promise you'll keep it a secret?
Trust me.
Okay.
My prediction is by the year 2000,
virtual reality classrooms could replace the need to go to school.
Wow. That is hot stuff.
An article like that would get a writer a lot of attention.
If they gave Pulitzer Prizes to high school students,
you'd be a shoe-in.
No.
Yes, no.
Yes.
Now, if there's nothing else I can do for you,
I have to get down to the paper.
You got an assignment that's great.
I wish.
They're trying you out as copy girl.
I hope I won't disappoint them.
You'll be great.
Thanks again for everything.
And if there's anything I can do for you.
Oh, you bet.
Hi, Pergwad.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
Though I'd have liked the opportunity.
Just you and your shadow again, huh?
Where'd she get that outfit?
Clarissa or us?
Oh, stop.
My sides are aching.
Now get out.
It's like she was studying you like you were a player
or a book or a set of blueprints.
You're just jealous.
My ego, healthy though it may be,
does not require people following me around like a lap dog.
The only one who'd follow you around is a lap dog.
I can't help it if Eve looks up to me,
but she sure does it a lot.
A lot?
That she does it at all is weird.
It's all natural.
It's...
Maybe he's right.
Eve is coming out a little strong.
Pergwad hates her.
She can't be all bad.
Hi, Sam.
Ching.
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Eve.
Oh, I could never carry this off.
And Green makes me look so sickly, doesn't it?
Hey, I don't think it looks so bad.
It kind of brings out your eyes.
Sam, you think so?
Clarissa, you are so kind to give me all these great clothes.
Don't thank me.
I can finally see the floor of my closet again.
What you need is one of those closet organizing kits.
I'll stop by shelves and stuff this weekend and pick one up.
Shelves and stuff.
Great place.
They've got all those shelves and...
stuff.
Thanks, Eve.
But I like organizing in my own unique, messy way.
Check it out.
The paper did a preview on tonight's funny car show.
Wow, those tires must be seven feet high.
And my dad says that since you have a press pass from the school paper,
we can ride some of these monsters after the show.
Yes, the power of the press.
Uh, there might be a conflict.
Conflict? What conflict?
It is all my fault.
What's all your fault?
I am so forgetful.
My father says I forget my own name if it weren't Eve.
What did you forget?
There's a newspaper meeting tonight.
The managing editor said for me to tell you that everyone has to attend.
Not insignificant to everybody's like me.
Just the important people like you.
Oh, no.
I wish I'd have known sooner.
We could have changed the tickets to Saturday night.
Major bummer.
Now I'm going to miss the caterpillar, the amazing four-wheeler,
the bunny funny car.
I'm so sorry I forgot to tell you.
Do you hate me? What can I do to make it up to you?
I'll do anything.
No, it's no big deal.
I just wish you'd told me sooner.
Tell you what, I'll go to the meeting.
You go to the funny car show.
I couldn't.
Why not? I have an extra ticket.
Yeah, well, I waste it.
I wouldn't feel right taking your place.
Especially after I was the one who goofed.
No, it's no problem. Just do whatever you want.
Well, if you don't mind, Clarissa.
Mind?
Why should I mind?
Great.
This is going to be really fun.
I'll catch you later.
I have to get going, too.
I can't believe we're going to get you ride on an authentic funny car.
Fasten your seatbelts, Sam.
It's going to be a bumpy night.
Yeah, and the wrong person's in the driver's seat.
Camp Nowhere, rated BG. Starts Friday, August 26th.
Totally bored.
Okay, somebody get the food.
You got the apple jacks. Yes!
What are you dweebs doing?
Say your beeswax.
You like that stuff?
We love it.
It's called apple jacks, you know.
Really?
And it doesn't taste like apple.
That isn't why we like it anyway.
Really? Then why?
None of your beeswax.
You jacked here as part of this complete breakfast.
See what we like.
I think it's every parent's dream, maybe, to have a doctor in the family.
Watching.
Nick!
And now back to Clarissa explains it all.
Na nana, na nana.
Okay, ready?
Welcome to Worm World.
Today's topic is the segmented or analyst worm,
better known as the common garden variety leech.
You may recognize it in another form.
The human leech, aka E. Peter Berg.
When we last ate the beef she was pampering
off to the car show with my ticket and my best friend.
Why did she take in a mind sins?
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Why aren't I flattered?
and I flattered. Perfect. Hey guys, what's the Flood 101? Looks like me. Sounds like me.
What's wrong with this picture? I'm not in it. Oh, I bought it at a youth clothing shop.
Isn't that amazing? This new car has got a five speed transmission, all leather interior,
and it goes from zero to sixty in eight point five seconds.
Will the real Clarissa please stand up? Hi Sam. Hey Clarissa.
Are you sure you have the right window? It's the same window I always come through. Why?
You and Eve have been hanging out a lot together. I'm surprised you're not over there.
She's down with the newspaper. Besides her house is one level. I use the front door.
Why the major freak out over Eve? Why not? It's not your life she's taking over.
Isn't that a little extreme, Clarissa? Extreme? I don't think so. Soon the only difference between
us will be our fingerprints and there are operations to take care of that.
Wait a minute. Aren't you the one who said she was new in town and didn't have a lot of
friends? Besides, she likes you. I don't like to be like like this. It's spooky.
Yeah, I know, but maybe she's just lonely. And if she tries to be like you, it's only because
she's your biggest fan. She didn't stop talking about you at the car show. Clarissa does this.
Clarissa says this. Isn't Clarissa great? Only she didn't look up to me so much.
I'm sure that I'll change once she gets to know you.
You know what I mean. I'll see you later.
If she gets to know me any better, she'll be me.
No, this isn't the Broadway production of Cats. It's a touring company. And with Dick Van Patten
playing old Deuteronomy, it's sure to be a night to remember. Uh-huh. Enjoy the show.
So you managed to palm the tickets off on someone else. Congratulations.
Well, actually, I was looking forward to an evening of light entertainment with lots of
dancing. Besides, the song says some great themes. Friendship, hardship, survival.
Survival? Maybe I should take the tickets.
Why? Problem do?
Well, how do you survive being friends with someone?
What do you mean?
It's Eve. She's everywhere. Wanting to do this for me, wanting to do that for me, wanting to be me.
I mean, she copies everything I do. She's more than a friend, Mom. She's an appendage.
When my family first moved from Canada, I didn't know anyone in school. And then in
French class, there was this girl, Miranda Farfalfine.
Did she attach herself to you like a vice?
No, I clung to Miranda. She was pretty and smart and self-confident, and I was a new girl in town,
like Eve.
So whatever happened to this Miranda?
Well, I think she sells faux jewelry on one of those sharp at home cable channels.
But that's not the point. What's important is that after a while, I found my own identity,
and I didn't need Miranda anymore.
I never looked at it like that. I guess I could be a little more tolerant.
Well, just try to put yourself in Eve's place.
Look what I found. My biodome. The prefabricated indoor nature preserve that I designed in old
Hitchbottom's class. Oh, and the T-square that he gave me for a graduation present. Boy,
is he going to get a kick out of these?
Have you reached him yet?
No, I decided against that. I want to surprise him. So I made reservations
at La Couscous for all of us. Boy, it's just going to be an evening, huh?
Marcia, what a great idea.
Yeah, then I thought I'd have him here afterwards, you know, meet the whole family of sport.
You're going to love him.
Where's the mail?
Oh, sorry, Ferguson. Nothing came for you today.
I don't understand. I sent my letter here expressed.
You're still waiting to hear from your hero?
Whoever is. He probably shot himself when he found out Ferg nerd admired him.
Ah, sport. Everyone needs someone to look up to.
Much the way you admire spores, molds, and fungus.
So who did you finally decide on, Ferguson? The Terminator or the Donald?
My money's on the toilet bowl guy.
Actually, Mom, it's going to be a surprise.
I chose someone so famous, so influential.
So what? He'll never write that.
Oh, ye of little faith.
Oh, ye of little brain.
Why would anybody who's a anybody write to a nobody?
Laugh while you can, sis.
For the mere price of postage, I have opened the corridors of power.
They say power corrupts, but in Ferguson's case, too late.
Don't worry. Rollerblading only looks difficult.
Great. I'll see you this weekend.
Hi, Sam.
You want to go rollerblading with me and Eve this weekend?
Uh, I don't think so.
Come on, it'll be fun. I've been thinking it over, and Eve's not so bad.
Well, everything's relative.
Compared to Genghis Khan, she's an upstanding citizen.
Now you're being hard on her.
I don't think so. Check out letters to the editor.
I don't believe it.
Virtual reality replacing classrooms by Eve Bederberg?
But that's my next column.
What's your next column?
Until Eve Bederberg beats you to it.
Looks like you were right about her all along.
The conniving little reptile?
You can win the Pulitzer Prize, Clarissa.
Your secret safe with me, Clarissa. Trust me.
I never trusted her.
Right. She's just lonely.
She likes you, Clarissa. She's your biggest fan.
Oops.
So, Eve likes my story ideas.
Well, there's plenty more where that came from.
You really should eat something before we go, Marshall.
Oh, no, I'm too excited.
I can't wait to see the expression in Hinge Bottom's face when he sees me.
Oh, he will be so proud of you, Marshall.
Isn't it time you two took a break?
Deadline's a deadline, Mom.
Well, don't work too hard.
And if you get hungry, there's some soy falafel balls in the fridge.
Thank you, Mrs. Darling.
Darling, how nice to see you again.
If I didn't know better, I'd swear you were Clarissa's sister.
Oh, he's so sweet.
Don't tell me. Frank Lloyd Wright.
Oh, well, close.
Marshall Darling.
No.
Yes.
Hi, Eve.
Bye, guys. Have fun.
Bye.
Hi, Clarissa.
Eve, I just got them reading your letters to the editor.
Did you like it?
I like the idea.
Me too.
Oh, you don't think I stole your idea, do you?
I was just laying the groundwork for your article.
Did a good job.
You might say you took the words right out of my mouth.
Clarissa, are you mad at me?
I meant it as a surprise.
Gosh, I always do the wrong thing.
Can you ever forgive me?
It's okay.
Look, I don't know how I'll make it up to you.
I'll do anything else.
It's okay.
Hey, everybody makes mistakes.
They do.
I mean, they do.
Boy, do they.
Then you're not angry.
Clarissa's a very understanding person.
I'll say.
Why shouldn't I be?
I mean, it's not like you stole it deliberately.
Of course not.
Though it is too bad I got credit for such a brilliant idea.
I know how horrible you must feel.
Devastated.
Though it proves what a powerful thinker you are, Clarissa,
my phone hasn't stopped ringing.
And the managing editor, forget it.
What?
The managing editor, what?
It's not important since I'd never do it.
He offered me my own column.
I turned him down.
After all, what would I write about?
Beats me.
I know I've got my hot topic for next week's column.
Yeah, it's a killer.
Really?
Really.
Say, Clarissa, did your mom make those soy falafel balls?
I love so much.
Oh, yeah, Sam.
I think there's a fresh batch in the fridge.
Oh, Eve, um, no, that's okay.
I've got to get going.
I'll just let myself out.
See ya.
Bye.
So you think she bought it?
Hook, buy line, and sink her.
I hope so, because if she doesn't steal your idea.
Sam, Sam, Sam.
Once a weasel, always a weasel.
Maybe we should feel sorry for her.
There must be some psychological reason people like Eve
crave attention.
And that's just what she's gonna get for her brilliant essay.
Why recycle when you can fill a landfill?
Everyone stuff their cans and bottles underneath Eve's desk.
168 last count.
And the principal picked her to be the liaison
between the school and the recycling center.
The parental units.
Talk to you later, Sam.
You're just gonna have to get over it, Marshall.
He thought my name was Clyde.
He's still upset, huh?
I'm not afraid so.
Although I have to admit I don't understand
why he didn't recognize you.
Oh, yeah, kept saying.
Who?
Who are you?
No, in all fairness, professors do have so many students
throughout the year, so it's difficult to keep up with them.
He wasn't that good of a professor.
Trust me, he was pretty disorganized for an architect.
On a scale of one to ten, four tops.
He used to jab at the blackboard
with the chalk shards flying everywhere.
It's here.
From Buckingham Palace.
Yeah, my hero, Prince Charles, he wrote back.
Prince Charles sure has a funny signature.
Cordially Diana, Princess of Wales.
That's your hero, burgadork?
Markison, you chose a woman as your hero?
How progressive.
There must be some mistake.
This a mix-up.
They sent it to the wrong palace.
I wrote to Charles.
You gotta believe me.
Oh, there's nothing to be embarrassed about, son.
Princess Diana is one of the most beautiful women in the world.
I know.
When she smiles, it's like she's smiling right at you.
I mean, I'm going right to the top.
On this one.
Top.
Queen Elizabeth.
That's right.
No, no, better yet.
Queen Mother.
Yeah.
Yeah, she's doing the close to the shots anyway, I'm sure.
Die in Fergie?
That's a nice ring to it.
I guess when you're a public figure,
unwanted admirers comes with the territory.
As for me, I don't want to be idolized.
My advice to anyone who wants to be somebody else,
get a life.
And please, not mine.
Stand by, hate a place, limetime, live.
Nickelodeon, slime time, swimsticks is coming up now.
The interactive play at home game,
where you gotta find who's hidden behind the boxes.
Only one way to find out.
Stay tuned for slime time coming up next.
Let's do it to it.
First, there were video games.
Then came virtual reality, simulated lifelike perspective
that makes you feel like you're there.
But now there's something that blows virtual reality
completely away.
Actual reality.
Feel the weight of the ball,
because you're actually holding the ball.
Feel the wind as you move,
because you're actually outside.
Feel the high five, because you're actually there.
Nickelodeon wants you to tune into
the most advanced system ever created.
Yourself.
Actual reality.
Nothing else comes close.
Brought to you by Spunky's Doggy Treats.
It's Sunday.
August.
21st.
And it's Nickelodeon's Ask Questions Day.
Why is the sky blue?
How do birds fly?
What makes the grass grow?
Who's he?
Where's that?
When's this?
Asking questions is a great way to learn, isn't it?
Today ask lots and lots of questions
and see what you can find out.
Any questions?
Tomorrow is exercise day.
Right here, where every day is a nick day.
Hey, dude, what do you think of Ted?
I count on Ted's experience.
It's usually a big mistake, but I do it.
Yeah, we're tight.
We guys gotta stick together.
Ted who?
You gotta like the guy.
Do I know what Ted?
Whenever things go wrong, I turn to Ted,
because it's probably his fault.
Are you sure you don't mean Ned or Fred?
Ted, part of the gang here on Hey, Dude.
Oh, Ted McGriff.
Never heard of him.
Only on Nickelodeon.
Now it's time for the Pizza Head show.
Hey, everybody.
Our team's playing a big game right now,
but I'm really excited because afterwards
we're all going to Pizza Hut.
Yay!
Not so fast, Pizza Head.
Coach Steve says you're in the game.
Sure he is.
And he wants you to stop this penalty kick
by exchange student Hans.
Watch that rebound.
He scores!
See you next time.
Love new Twizzlers.
Pull and peel.
I make toys.
We play games.
I got an A plus.
He loves me, not.
No batteries needed.
Just pull and peel.
Chewy, delicious, cherry-flavored candy
with nothing to pick up.
Nothing to pick up.
Twizzlers!
Twizzlers, pull it!
Mr. Franklin, I'm surprised.
I finished my report, sir.
No, I'm referring to your Apple Jacks.
Love them.
Yes, Mr. Williams.
You would.
It seems to me something called Apple Jacks should.
Tastes like Apple.
Precisely.
Are they supposed to taste like Apple?
Pee-pee.
That isn't why we like them.
Enlighten me.
Uh...
We just do.
Yeah!
Kellogg's Apple Jack cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
Eat what we like!
Hop in.
We're going out for lunch.
Where?
The Barbie and Donald's rest around on the grill.
We flip cans.
The Barbie and McDonald's restaurant play set
with drive-thru that really talks.
You put it together, dolls and car not included.
This is my brother Pete.
And this is his radio station.
W-A-R-T, Wart Radio, Wellsville.
Good morning, gut buckets.
Time to wipe the crepes from your eye sockets
and bite the wind of another Wednesday.
Looking at our traffic report,
the shortcut behind the blowtorch house
is moving quite nicely.
Sure, it's only a crep-star 2000 walkie-talkie
with the transmit button taped down,
but with the right kind of antenna,
no one within a five-mile radius is safe.
From around the world to your backyard,
hear it first on Wart News.
Today's top story, Mr. Fred Hurley has hemorrhoids.
Thanks, Hardy.
In other news, the international adult conspiracy
has struck again.
Wart had everything you'd want from a radio station.
Everything but music.
Music just wasn't important to Pete.
Every so often, somebody would call him with a request.
Wart!
Hey, dude, can you play marmalade cream?
It's my favorite song.
And he would always say the same thing.
Get a light, jerkweed!
He had a favorite smell and a favorite star
and a favorite internal organ,
but what he didn't have was a favorite song.
He just never cared enough to find
one he could call his own.
But as he was about to find out,
sometimes you don't find a favorite song.
Sometimes, it finds you.
You know the feeling you get after you hear
your favorite song for the first time?
All you want to do is play it again and again,
so it stays stuck in your head forever.
Well, what if you could only hear it once and not with it?
What would you do?
Our story begins on the subject of scabs.
Hello, and welcome to Scab Talk.
I'm here with a very special guest,
meter man, Mel Retner.
Mel, what brings you to Scab Talk?
Um, you ought to read your electricity meter.
Is it down here?
Upstairs.
But before you leave,
are there any interesting scabs you'd like to share with us?
Oh, yeah.
I got one shaped like a dump truck.
Want to see?
Sure.
Look, we've got us a call.
Hello, Scab Talk.
Oh, I can't believe I got through.
My name is Miss Fingerwood.
I'm your math teacher.
And I just called to let you know
that if you're late for my class again,
the odds of your passing will increase
to a 450 to one ratio.
That's about all the time we've got.
Thanks for picking Scab Talk, Mel.
Oh, thank you.
If a 10-year-old boy has to ride his bicycle
1.3 miles to school at a top speed of 15.4 miles per hour,
how can he make it in four and a half minutes?
Short cut!
If he had had just an extra two minutes to get to school,
none of what happened would have happened.
But I guess fate has a way of putting you
in the right place at just the right time.
But sometimes it feels like you're gonna do
and make a scene of...
As he raced towards school,
a strange new feeling raced through him
and suddenly it hit him.
It wasn't supposed to happen.
He wasn't supposed to care.
But as the feeling blasted through his heart,
he knew nothing could ever be the same.
He had a favorite song,
a song he could call his own.
After he heard it,
the only thing he could think about was hearing it again.
The only problem
was that nobody was home.
Anybody home?
And no one was around.
And even worse,
no one had seen what Pete had seen.
The only proof that the song had ever existed at all
was one shiny little piece of plastic.
It wasn't much,
but it gave him enough hope to keep searching.
Mom used the metal plate in her head
to help scan the airwaves for the song,
while Pete's personal superhero,
Artie the Strongest Man in the World,
began spanning the globe,
trying to track down the original sound waves
of the missing song.
Meanwhile,
Pete was on his own as he tried to track down
the song in his brain.
If you know it, dial 555-1.
Because as each second passed,
each note of the song became harder and harder
to remember.
Do you know it?
Yeah, yeah, I know the name of it.
It's called Get a Life Brain Drain.
You worm.
There was only one thing left for Pete to do.
Wait until night when the reception was best.
Climb to the roof
and point his Krebstarr 211 toward the sky.
Please be out there.
He tried AM first,
then FM.
But his song was nowhere,
and everyone else's songs
were everywhere.
Finally had to face the truth.
The only place the song existed in the world
was in his own head.
And if he didn't do something soon,
it would be lost forever.
He had one last hope.
When mom and dad heard that Pete wanted
to experience the joy of playing a musical instrument,
they were thrilled.
They were kind of hoping he'd play the clarinet.
Instead, Pete chose a Krebstarr 3000 eviscerator.
He had no idea how to play it,
but if he ever wanted to hear a song again,
he'd have to figure it out and fast.
Pete began his quest by discovering
one of the most powerful forces known to man.
Feedback.
He showed me what it could do
with a little demonstration.
Outie.
Innie.
The next discovery, the mighty E chord,
which when played properly,
blow the lint out of an innie like a cannon.
Then came the whammy bar,
which made a sound that for some reason
affected Artie like deadly kryptonite.
Power's useless growing weaker.
With the song fading fast,
Pete desperately slammed together
everything he knew.
And finally stumbled across the biggest discovery of all,
the sacred riff of his song.
Until he stops doing it,
we're going to have to conserve our electricity.
Our bills are not in control.
Pete had done all he could on his own.
Now, he needed a band.
The adventures of Pete and Pete
will be right back on deck.
Yes, sir.
Honey, not Cheerio.
Pete, Wednesday.
Spencer can't beat me
to the sweet taste of nuts and honey.
Oh, I bet I can.
It's the taste of honey, not Cheerio.
Part of this complete breakfast.
A win.
Yeah, but losing.
Never tasted so sweet.
So where's the bee?
You can look real hard
and he'll magically appear
in these 3D pictures
on the back of Mark Fox's of Honey Nut Cheerios.
You know what happened to Stanley Hipkis
when he put on the masks.
Okay.
But wait till you see what happens
to his dog Milo.
Together,
get your dog away from me.
I'm sorry he seems to be attracted to you.
They're taking a fight
out of crime.
Jim Carrey is the mask.
This has got to be a new breed.
Rated PG-13.
Now playing everywhere.
Dad, can you use your tools?
No, but I got you some of your own.
Cool tools.
These tools are real.
Look at the bee.
Cool tools.
Cool, cool, cool.
Ready for real metal tools?
You can get cool tools.
Keep them in your handy tool belt
or in your cool tools toolbox.
You got my tape measure.
Uh, that thing.
Yeah.
Cool, cool, cool.
Cool tools.
Tools, belt and toolbox.
Each sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Pete's band made its North American
debut live over Wart Radio.
On bass guitar,
her head may be filled with numbers,
but her veins throb with gasoline.
She's Elma Cougar Fingerwood.
Heart times soul equals rock and roll.
On drums, a kid who's wanted in 21 states
for the crime of rockin'.
He's Clem Mutton Choplainel.
Daddy was a rattlesnake
and my mom wore a six-gut.
On lead guitar,
he reads your meters,
now he's ready to rock your world.
He's lightning Mel Retner.
Oh, sorry.
Man, my brain was flippin' like a pancake.
And on rhythm guitar,
I'm Pete, Thunderball Wrigley.
And together, we make up the blow holes.
Count us down, Cooter.
Uh, a 1.1, a 1.2, a 1.3.
Let's rock!
With the help of Cooter's calculations,
Thunderball figured that if they kept playing
his three chords at the current rate of 11 riffs per minute,
the rest of his song stuck somewhere in his brain,
splurred out by the weekend.
But whoever said that math was an exact science.
Can we play some other song?
I know the backbeat to one is the loneliest number.
No, that's not why we're here.
Remember?
We're here to find the song.
But there's an almost infinite number
of other songs out there, Thunderball.
Come on, Pete.
Let's keep rockin' in a free world.
The blow holes were on the verge of blowing up
to save the band and save his dream.
Pete did what his hero Abe Lincoln would have done.
I've had enough.
I'm going to put an end to this.
The Fred Hurley way.
Poor dad.
He knew that if he didn't stop the band,
the international adult conspiracy would do it for him.
But if there's one thing that our dad hates
more than being the bad guy, it was bills.
Big bills.
So, you don't like the taste of coffee,
but you drink it anyway.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Pete, it's time we had a little talk.
You know, father to son.
That's okay.
Artie and I already had that talk.
No, no, no.
I'm talking about the blow holes.
Is there anywhere else you could jam?
Well, then I'm sorry, son.
You can't play here anymore.
I just can't afford it.
My electricity bills have gone right through the roof.
So unless you figure out a way to pay me
the $700 a month on this bill,
I'm afraid you're going to have to call it quits.
I'm sorry, son.
Don't worry.
There's lots of other songs out there.
You'll find one.
That concludes our workcast for this evening.
I guess I'll go back to my stamp collection.
Well, I guess I'll see you in class Monday.
We're doing fractions.
Wart?
Hi.
Can you play marmalade cream?
Get a life, jerkweed.
If you can, I'll give you five bucks.
Yeah, we can play it.
Thanks.
Are you ready to rock?
Then call Wart,
and the blow holes will play your favorite song.
If you make a play, only five bucks a song.
And if we can't play it, we will pay you.
It was a risky move,
but the only way for the blow holes to keep rocking
was to pay dad's electric bill.
And the way Pete figured it,
since they were broke,
why not get the whole town to pay the bill for them?
Smells like math.
A marmalade, it's a tangerine dream.
Before long, requests began rolling in on the Wart line
from all over town.
I'll give you like 30 bucks if you play or kill me off buttercup.
Did you play Wango Tango by Mr. Ted Newchip?
And now, a long-distance dedication
from the kids on Cranston Street
going out to the man who saves our lives every summer.
Mr. Tasty.
We miss you, Tasty.
Wherever you are.
The street when it's lonely
as we span.
The blow holes were on a roll.
The way things were going, they could have played forever.
Unfortunately, one hemorrhoid sufferer had heard enough.
All right, you mutant.
It's time to raise the stakes a little.
You play my song, I give you 100 bucks.
You can't play it.
You pull the plug.
What's your poison, buttweed?
Surfing bum, surfing fun.
The band was baffled
until Artie saved the day.
That's my boy.
Fred Hurley, you just had your clock clean.
Honey, stop jumping around.
You're blocking the signal.
What, they're going to do a choice?
I never thought they could pull it off.
Gee, I should have told them the bill was $1,000.
Well, you're 100 bucks away.
Who's going to be the lucky color to put us over the top?
I am.
From the sky, the stars can't compare
with the glow of your hair holding me tight.
In my dream of the day, not far away, will we?
You're dancing so slow, and I am my only one.
Remember when we first heard our song, Joyce?
You paint in the trees is all the canvas you need.
It should have been one of the greatest moments
in Pete's 10-year-old life.
Instead, it ended up being one of his worst.
Seeing how happy the song made mom and dad,
suddenly made Pete realize how much he missed his song.
He knew the band wouldn't understand, but he had to leave.
He was through playing other people's songs.
It was time to play his song.
And if he was going to find it, he knew where he had to go.
But when he got there, all that was left was one single solitary note.
That was all he could remember.
That was a note.
We just followed the note.
Well, you wasted your time.
My song is dead.
Rock and roll never dies, Thunderball.
Bite me, Clem.
Maybe you've been trying too hard to find it.
Why don't you let the song find you again?
He had no idea what Mel was talking about.
But as he walked over to the exact spot
where he had first felt the feeling,
something strange came over him.
The song had come home.
If you see every time I...
As the music echoed through the night,
Pete didn't care if the whole world knew his song was around.
Even the entire universe could listen in.
The song was his, no matter who else heard it.
And now that it had found him again,
he was going to make sure he never, ever let it go.
Okay, what'd you guys do with the corn pops?
No corn pops this time, Haskell.
Get some rest. Big game today.
No Kellogg's corn pops? Would they do that to me?
Nah.
Okay, hand them over.
Hand over what?
Okay, fine. Pinheads play without me. I want my pops.
Oh, would that taste like sweet crunchy popcorn?
And if I can't have them, I don't play.
Hey, Haskell, don't let them get to you.
Me? Oh, I just want to get out there and play.
Kellogg's corn pops cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
The 20 minutes that can change your life.
Inside your body is a better body.
Millions have discovered how good it feels to be toned
and alert instead of overweight and sluggish.
Discover just how easy it is to obtain your Nordic Track body
with Nordic Track, the world's best aerobic exercise.
In as little as 20 minutes a day,
you can accomplish your weight loss and fitness goals with Nordic Track.
I was able to take off 57 pounds.
I lost 10 pounds since I started with my Nordic Track.
Only Nordic Track has a patented flywheel and one-way clutch mechanism
to create a smooth, natural exercise motion
that burns calories fast up to 1100 an hour.
And Nordic Track gives results in just 12 weeks.
In a recent study, Nordic Track users lost an average of 18 pounds.
Plus, they also lowered their blood pressure an average of 12%.
You can do it in as little as 20 minutes a day with Nordic Track.
I changed my life in just 20 minutes a day,
three times a week with Nordic Track.
Call today for your free video on brochure.
My dream has finally come true. Boot camp!
Say, now this isn't bad.
A dry cock and all the cream-chip beef we can eat.
Stimpy, this is the good life.
Looky here, ladies.
We got us a couple of new recruits.
Cadet Stimson J Cat, reporting for duty, sir.
Okay, okay, got the crap.
When do we have Chow?
I'm starved.
Looks like we got us a couple of live ones here.
Yep, we's gonna get real close and buddy-like.
Just like one big happy family.
But first, you gotta pass a few tests.
Tests?
You gotta earn some badges.
Badges?
Lots of merit badges.
Then maybe, just maybe, you'll be one of us.
So, you think you ladies got the goal to earn your first badge?
Are you tough enough to sell for infrared girl cookies?
All right, it's beautiful.
Every spring, Brett Beret girls worldwide want storefronts and parking lots
to sell their honey charges.
As a reward, you get till midnight to sell all them cookies of pay to penalty.
Oh, boy, Ren.
Egg, why do the new girls always get the worst territory?
We'll never sell any cookies way out here.
Hungry, I gotta have some food.
Here, eat some of your stinky old cookies.
Oh, no, Ren.
A Beret Beret girl must never taste of her own cookies.
I, Stimson J Cat, promise that-
Cookies, huh?
Okay, give me a box.
Here's five bucks.
No, wait, Ren.
Remember, we ate all the cookies.
Shut up.
What are we going to do?
We can't sell empty boxes.
This is your fault.
You stupid bat-style.
Here, big boy, we're on this.
Wait, Ren.
We can fill the boxes with cactuses.
They're delicious.
I'll take all you got.
Excellent.
Yeah, yeah, goodbye.
Man, who would have ever thought that being a woman
could be so profitable?
Okay, try and beat this.
Four cowboys.
Read them and wave.
Oh, darn.
All I got is four aces.
Food, me, too.
Did you have fun playing with the other girls?
Yeah, sure.
I had fish loads of fun.
Being swindled out of all our cookie money.
God, oh, God.
I know, Ren.
We can have lots of fun earning merit badges.
Give me that stupid book.
He's right, you know.
And I know the funnest page at a mall,
but it ain't gonna be easy.
It's a rare barricade that can earn this badge.
You must go alone into the woods.
It's the Snipe Hunting Batch.
No!
Snipe Hunting.
Snap out of it, man.
Don't you see what their game is, you big dope?
There's no such thing as snipes.
It's a practical joke.
It's okay.
We'll go huntin' without ya.
Eh, it's a pity, though.
It's an awful pretty bitch.
Boy, you must think we're really stupid.
I'd have to be brain dead to fall for that old chestnut.
Who wants that Snipe Batch?
Hey, wait up.
Just as I thought.
No steampie.
Badges.
Snipes.
Fui.
I've had it.
Bad dog on beret berets.
Bah!
Cookies.
Smookies.
Hey, Ren!
I caught one. I caught one.
Ren!
What are you talking about?
Why did you catch?
Eh, there's no such thing.
They made it up.
Whoa!
Way to go.
I knew you could do it, knucklehead.
A job well done.
Down here.
I got something for ya.
It's the special beret beret handbook.
How to earn
extra easy merit badges.
Hey!
This is my ticket to Easy Street.
Hmm, let's see.
There's drowning.
Collecting badger eggs.
You want my eggs, eh?
Won't be my gas.
And finally, the bravery
in the face of certain doom badge.
Ta-da!
So, you earned all the badges in the book.
Ha!
Now, you earned the right
to learn all the beret beret girl secrets.
Oh, well, we're in Rome.
Ha, ha, ha!
Ren, Stimpy and Snick
will be back after these messages.
Watch Gumby every weekday.
Only on Nick.
Ha!
It's a whole new day.
Gotta see.
Premiering this fall on ABC Television.
When it's time for a game of spider attack,
I snap some flies
and send them back.
Now they're racing off my web
to win.
But they never know
when I'll drop them.
Ha, ha, ha!
Got you, sucker!
Sometimes I drop partway
and don't attack.
Sike!
Excuse me, winner coming through.
But this time, I'll have a snack
on spider attack.
See, it's for the honeycomb bunch.
For the taste and the shape
of the honeycomb together.
Can I get a hate for the honey
sweet taste that you get when you run
into the honeycomb shape?
One for the taste, two for the shape.
Three for the crust that the honeycomb makes.
Put you down with the style of the honey
sweet taste.
The taste and the shape, part of the complete breakfast.
And now, back to the glow
of the Ren and Stimpy show.
It's midnight.
A lone scientist
works into the night.
A seeker of truth
toying with the very
stuff of life.
Rubber bands
colored water
and sterno.
Harmless when apart
but when combined in the proper
proportions can create
booster.
All right, what the heck
is going on here?
I'm a genetic engineer, Ren.
And I've been toying with the very
fabric of life.
Check it out.
Thrice the honey now.
And I did it all with my
new genetic recipe.
The XB49
gene splicing
formulae.
Stimpy, I'm thrilled
that you've made some soda pop.
But may I ask one little
question?
Where's my dad
come dinner? Don't you know
it's already 12 o'clock?
Ren, be careful with that.
Oh, you and I should be careful
with this stuff, huh?
Well, what if I did
this?
Oh!
Ren!
Huh? Hey, I don't
need three butts.
Okay. Easy.
I'm all.
Yes!
Ren's been
split into his two
opposite halves.
His evil side.
In different
side.
So what?
Now joy.
Now I have two best friends.
Ren, wouldn't you like
to stop hitting Ren and watch the cartoon?
Oh!
Ren,
wouldn't you like Ren to stop hitting
you?
Who kicked?
What's matter, mean Ren?
Are you tired of watching cartoons?
Look,
he's bringing the TV closer.
Yes!
Hello, would you like
to buy my cookies?
Ah!
Oh!
No!
Ren!
Oh, evil Ren!
I'm taking
Apathy Ren for a walk.
Do you want to come?
Well, I guess it's just you and me, kid.
Big deal.
We're back
for my walk!
And didn't we have fun?
Mm-hmm.
Well, it looks like
somebody's been quite the busy
little beaver.
Oh, evil Ren!
Oh, there you are!
What are you?
My favorite record!
Oh, going for a swim!
Stinky!
Hey, Ren!
It melted!
Careful, Ren!
Mausie!
No, no, no!
Yes, yes, yes!
My first material,
was that
evil Ren.
That's not my Ren.
Not my
Ren.
Not my Ren.
Not
my...
What's he doing?
Say, that looks like...
Let's be 49!
Listen to me, Ren.
It doesn't have to be like this.
Can't you see?
Without your indifferent side,
you're losing control.
You and Deadpan
Ren need each other.
Your two sides of the same hole.
You, his yin,
and he, your...
Tang!
Without him, you're only half a man!
Can
half a man live?
Let me help
put you back together.
I'll make it better.
I promise.
Oh, maybe you're right.
I've seen a part of myself
no man should ever see.
But, you know what?
It!
But what if there were two evil Ren?
Or ten of them?
Or millions of them?
My God, he'd be
an entire army.
We'd be up to our necks in Ren.
Those where it would end.
Complete
and utter
carnage!
The world would be
evil, Ren.
Ren hideously evil!
Ren?
Dearly beloved, we are gathered today
to pardon Osterqueus
and Chely Sancti Biceanum
Tulum of Ignatregma Tulum.
Do you, Ren, take Ren
to be your lawfully wedded spouse?
I do!
I now pronounce you
man and clone.
You may beat the bride.
Gosh, Ren.
Isn't it just
beautiful?
Who cares?
I get sick.
Dogs.
I was bitten when I was a kid.
Anytime I see one,
I cross the street.
Birds.
I'm afraid they're going to fly in my face or something.
Weird.
The attic.
I can't go up there alone.
Hey.
Slash your movies.
It doesn't count.
Cheap. What can I say?
I'm not afraid of anything.
Yeah, we'll see.
So what are you afraid of, tough guy?
That box?
It's no secret. I'm afraid of the dark.
We've all got something that scares us
even though it shouldn't.
You know there's nothing in the attic that can get you.
You know a bird can't hurt you.
But there's still some dark place inside
and your mouth
go dry.
My story's about fear.
The kind that's different for everyone.
The kind that you have to face up to
or it'll eat you alive.
Submit it for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
The Tale of the Dangerous Soup.
I can't get out of here.
Sit down, please.
Yeah, okay.
I'll bite. Great.
Now what?
What scares you?
Come on.
It knows what scares you.
Hello. Welcome to Wild Boar.
Your table's ready.
Hi.
We have specials tonight.
Don't bother. We came for the soup.
Oh.
What a surprise.
The soup's table six.
Hi.
Tonya, a hundred bucks for a bowl of soup.
If I had that kind of cash,
I would not be spending it on a bowl of soup.
Say it's worth it.
I'm sorry, but no soup is worth it.
Sorry, Jersey.
You want to watch with that stuff?
Relax. Okay.
I'm not picking those up.
I don't touch knives, okay?
I'm sorry.
Jersey, what are you doing?
Could we order a second serving now?
Sorry, one per customer.
Your admiration of my humble fare
is most appreciated.
I'm looking for the Wild Boar.
You found it.
You hear about the job? Yeah.
Great.
I'm Naughty Walker, hostess and part-time workkeeper.
Read.
Read hands.
Did you ever work in a restaurant before?
I've had a lot of jobs.
So what's this place like?
It's okay.
Dr. Vink is kind of...
Dr. Vink?
Vink with a...
He's a boss. He does everything.
The menu, the...
So what is he? Is he a doctor or is he a cook?
To those sage enough to know,
I am a chef.
A cook feeds the stomach.
A chef
nourishes the soul.
So what am I supposed to be impressed or something?
Interesting.
He's an artist.
The kitchen is his studio.
And these vegetables,
fruits, spices...
These are his medium.
Combined by the seasoned hand
of an epicure.
The result is a feast for the senses.
Taste.
What is it?
Specialty of the house, le potage d'angeur.
The dangerous soup.
It's pretty good.
The scent.
The flavor dances over the palate.
It's a symphony of sensation.
That's far from pretty good.
And he charges $100 a bowl.
Get out of here.
A small price to pay for the supply.
Wait, let me have it. Let me have another taste.
One taste.
To educate the palate.
Try to sneak another.
And I guarantee
you'll regret it.
You don't scare me.
You'll do it nicely.
I am not a nutbag.
Redated this job pretty bad.
He didn't have any family.
So he was pretty much on his own.
He mostly kept to himself.
And never let anyone help him do anything.
It's okay.
Ever.
It was an okay place to work,
except every once in a while
somebody would just quit.
No reason
that suddenly take off.
Never look back.
Strange.
But Dr. Fink's restaurant
was the most popular in town.
People came from all over
just to sample the dangerous soup.
I'm out of here. See you tomorrow.
What are you doing?
Did you taste my soup?
No. He didn't.
He...
He was just cleaning the stove.
No way.
I don't do dishes. I wait tables.
So you've told me, Alas, my dear,
your job description has just been changed.
Thank you.
Forget it.
Wait.
I mean for everything.
You've been really cool to me
since I got here.
And, um, I've been
kind of a slug.
Yeah, I noticed.
My dear,
you have proven to be far too
loud
for the tastes of my guests.
I finally got the guts to say this to you, so...
I've always had to do
things on my own.
I'm not used to people being
very nice to me. I'm sorry.
Yes, my dear, you misunderstand.
Ha, ha, ha.
By transferring you
to the kitchen,
I was planning on making you
my protege.
You're kidding.
Indeed not.
The secret ingredient
of my soup is known to only
a select few.
And you,
you, my dear,
have been chosen to join the ranks
of the Enlightened.
If you're interested.
Freezer.
I assure you, my secret lies within.
And it's yours to experience.
Sit down, please.
What is this?
You want my secret?
Man, you are the strangest.
They're played with rackets or bats.
They're played with the most dangerous equipment of all.
The mind.
So as we begin, enter Nick's studios at your own risk,
because their tales of terror won't stop
till the clock strikes twelve.
Midnight.
Till midnight.
Welcome to Nick's studios.
They turn the heat off after everyone leaves.
And I figured since we'd be staying out
a little later than usual,
let's get cold.
Okay, I declare this special meeting
of Midnight Society open.
That's better.
Nice and toasted.
Midnight.
Till midnight.
Keep watching if you can stand the terror,
because your chance to call and win is coming.
Do you love Looney Tunes?
Well, check out this Looney Tune fact.
Nickelodeon's got more Roadrunner Coyote
than anyone else.
Anyone that's more Roadrunner.
More Coyote.
More fine Acme products.
That's a fact.
So if you love Looney Tunes,
Nickelodeon is the only network for you.
Digga boing, digga boing.
Kellogg's Max.
Ooh, how I love those yummy sweet and puffs of wheat.
Meow.
Shh. Oh, no.
Meow. Oh, kitty.
Meow.
Now for Kellogg's Max,
the taste is out of this world.
Uh-oh.
You can make Kellogg's Max
part of your complete breakfast.
It's bath time for the kitty cat.
Mmm, Max, I digga.
Meow.
I think it's every parent's dream,
maybe, to have a doctor in the family.
And now back to our tan.
What are you doing?
Nope.
You, you, you cat.
Open the door now.
Well, open it.
Are you okay?
Yeah, what happened?
You were screaming.
I was? Yeah.
Man, it's like I blanked or something.
Then I get out of here.
Jersey, what is going on?
You better start talking, pal.
You intrigue me, lad.
You're not like the others.
I believe it's time
to share the secret
of my soup.
Perhaps it will help to explain
what you've just witnessed.
During my travels,
I once happened upon a tribe of savage warriors
who never raised a sword in anger.
For they had a weapon
far more powerful.
A statue.
A talisman.
Enchanted with an incredible power.
This magic statue
actually had the power to feed hard fear.
What?
Oh, yes.
It could reach into your mind
and actually create
your deepest fear.
It was only an illusion.
But the more you believed in it,
the more real it would become.
What's this got to do with your soup?
This talisman
not only summoned fear
from its enemies,
it drew it from them
like a precious elixir.
The tribe would drink
the pure fear of its enemies
to gain their strength.
A single drop
is enough to make the pulse quicken
and the blood flow.
When you taste my soup,
you're tasting fear.
And that's a taste you won't soon forget.
That's why everyone quits.
You've been scaring them to get the ingredient.
Wait a minute.
You don't believe all this, do you?
You're quite the tough one,
aren't you?
No more.
You don't scare me.
Then let's see what does, shall we?
Let's get out of here, okay?
What's the problem, lad?
No longer feeling brave?
Come on.
Someone's gotta stand up to this guy.
Observe, my dear.
This should be interesting.
Sorry, Bink.
You're not gonna get to me that easily.
That's what I'm counting on.
The stronger the subject,
the more powerful the Alexa.
What lies deep inside?
Seeing a scared little boy
and often...
I'm not buying this.
Raised by an uncle.
He was a cruel man
who treated you very harshly.
What happened to him that day?
Yes.
Remember now, don't you?
Can't you do that?
Stop it. Let him out.
No, you can't resist.
Contain it, but now that it's out,
it can feed at will.
You mean nothing can terrorize anybody?
Yes, that's what it does.
I must stop it. How?
It's brave. I'm not too late.
What should we do?
I don't know.
We gotta call somebody. We gotta warn them.
And say what? There's a magic demon on the loose
and it's gonna tear.
What happened?
Do you remember what Bing said?
We kinda...
Are you okay?
You gotta relax, Nani.
Don't think about what scares you, okay?
Yeah, but...
You're safe in there. There's nothing in there that can get you.
Reed, I gotta get out of here.
There's nothing in there to be afraid of.
No, you don't understand.
I hate closed places.
It's the room that scares me.
Face your fear, Nani.
Face me!
I gotta...
Face your fear. We can't get you.
Face your fear.
Not real.
Nani.
It's over. It's all over.
I faced my fear.
I broke the spell.
I don't think Bing's gonna be making any more of his dangerous soup.
That's what you're wrong, my friend.
It still knows what scares you.
A long, long time.
The end.
Great. Good story.
That's weak.
What if there's nothing you're afraid of?
The room wouldn't work.
That's right. Nothing scares you, does it.
Maybe you should be the first to, uh...
Reach into the unknown.
What's in it?
What's the difference?
You're not scared of anything anyway.
Yeah, that's right.
Forget it.
What's in it?
Exactly what Tucker's afraid of.
The last one's afraid.
Sega Channel. It's cable.
But you don't watch it. You play it.
Your Genesis is hooked up to about 50 games a month.
Like Sonic 3, Disney's Aladdin,
and Joe Montana football.
Get secret tips and test drive new games before they're out.
Play what you want for as long as you want for one monthly fee.
Sega Channel. Stop just watching TV.
Parents call 8-6-2-4-600 now and get...
I've always been selected with who I date.
When I first met Steve, he swept me off my feet.
I thought he was the one.
He was the one who infected me with HIV.
I should have gone to Geneva B Scruggs for HIV education and counseling.
When I met Gina, I knew it was going to become serious.
We decided to make a commitment.
A commitment to be tested for HIV and other STDs.
We called Geneva B Scruggs Health Care Center.
We now feel safe in our relationship.
For a confidential HIV test and other related services,
call 8-9-4-35-56.
Be brave and keep watching.
You could get a prize if you do.
Have a pencil ready because you're a chance to call and win
and are you afraid of the dark prize packages coming up?
Here on SNCC.
I'm going DC.
I can jump, swing, crawl, a mountain cloud.
I can slide through a maze. I can have a ball.
I can bounce on the moon. I'm still cruising on.
I'm going DC.
This August at participating blockbuster video locations,
get a kid print and you'll receive half-price admission
on your next visit to Discovery Zone.
Our summer vacation.
We went to Yellowstone where we saw some stuff.
Then we went to the Grand Canyon where we saw some more stuff.
Then we went to Hardy's where we got this great Nickelodeon
organizer and pencil seller.
Hardy sends you cruising back to school
with Nicktoons character school supplies.
99 cents each with any purchase at Hardy's.
We had so much fun.
Then our parents took us to France.
There's no Hardy's in France.
Also collect eight different Nicktoons cruisers,
one in every fun meal pack.
I'm Nickelodeon. The place where only kids win.
So many kids win Nickelodeon.
Well, super toy run.
Nick or treat.
School's outside.
Just get on your feet.
Send in a postcard for a chance to win.
Go get a voice.
I won. Yes, I did.
Well, I lost this part.
I won.
It's the win.
If we pick you, we're going to make you grease.
Well, only kids win.
How'd you like that last tail?
Well, it's time for another one.
Ah, time.
My tail's about time.
So it's been on my mind, maybe.
You run out of it. It flies.
You just can't control it.
Usually.
But for an event this special,
Nick wanted to be sure we have all the time
in the world.
Midnight.
Snack.
Till midnight.
That's higher.
Frank.
I'm in front of you, dork.
They don't step on my...
What is it?
We got company.
Look.
It is scary.
You think?
Yeah.
It's probably some costume we got from this dad's store.
He's probably just trying to spook us.
Yo, Gary.
We know it's you. Cut it out.
Cut what out?
If you're here, then who's the guy with the hat?
Did you do that?
Yeah, okay. I did best.
Dad, you really had us going.
What is all this?
I, uh, found it in a trunk in my dad's store.
Help me out here, Sam.
It was supposedly worn by a strange order of monks
hundreds of years ago.
Cool.
Yeah.
Legend says these guys were truly evil.
Stories say they had this magical power
to take over people's minds,
control the forces,
the forces of nature.
Obviously, they're not around anymore.
But I had this idea.
What if these mystical monks had so much magical power
that they learned how to control the one thing
that would make them dangerous forever?
Time.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
The Tale of the Carved Stone.
Alice and Denny and her family just moved into town.
It's tough being the new kid and having to make new friends.
Alice knew that.
What she didn't know was just how dangerous
making a new friend was going to be.
I hate this place.
Why did we have to move here anyway?
TJB was here.
Well, TJ, I wish he still were.
I wish anybody was here.
Great way to make friends, klutz.
Where am I supposed to find another pair of these?
120.
You know what I went through to get this.
The guy could have killed me.
Yes, well, that's none of my bees.
200.
Or I'm taking everything over to Uncle Bobo's house of magic.
Uncle Bobo? That clown?
All right, but I'm losing all the deal.
Hello?
Shhh, the discuss.
What can I do for you?
Are you Mr. Sardo?
That's Sardo.
No, Mr. Accent on the Tone.
So, what are you looking for?
A potion? A rare book?
A priceless magical object that only I can provide?
No, I just need another pair of these.
That'll be 350.
I'm sure there's nothing else.
Have you seen our vomit?
Excuse me?
How's about a crystal ball?
No thanks.
You're not far around here, are you?
No, we just moved in last week.
The old Brown Brick house on Maple Lane.
New kid, eh?
Oh, then.
I don't suppose I could interest you in a flask of popularity potion.
Are you serious? A popularity potion?
Wait, I just bought this for...
I mean, I've searched the world over
for the curios contained in this...
I mean, where is that potion?
What, a potion?
No, of course not.
It's much better than a potion.
It's an Egyptian friendship stone.
Let me see. How does it work?
It's quite simple.
You just hold it in your hand,
close your eyes,
and recite the ancient Egyptian spell.
Amrak.
Vitulin.
Ra.
Vitulin, ra.
Yes. And then what?
Then you'll know what to do with it.
How much did you say this was?
Well, it is very rare and very powerful.
It's practically a steal
of $50.
$50?
40. I distinctly said 40.
Forget it.
No, wait. How much have you got?
After the glasses, I've got $17.
$0.75?
So, but I'm losing on the deal.
Vitulin, that's not right.
What's the stupid sp...
Are you Alison?
Yeah, I am.
Well, you were outside before and you dropped these.
That's what you called us to come all the way over here for?
Some stupid glasses?
Well, yeah.
I mean, I'm new and I thought we could, you know...
Forget this. Get a life, okay?
Come on, Don.
Well, thanks. Bye.
Are you sure?
You're a loser.
Egyptian friendship stone?
Yeah, right.
Are you okay?
That's odd, Tarot.
Well, I think I want to refund.
Okay?
Please leave. The store is closed.
But your sign says you're open until...
Did you hear what I said?
I command you to leave at once.
For the last time, shopkeeper.
Where?
Hold you. I don't know.
It was in this chest which you snatched from a tiny place just this very morning.
I didn't snatch it, and I haven't seen any amulet.
But if it's charms you're interested in,
why don't you look into my eyes?
Do I have to?
Look, you babbling mortal, into my eyes.
I seek the amulet of Ankra.
It is the most unusual black stone.
Elaborately carved.
I sold it this afternoon.
Sold it? To whom?
To the new girl.
She lives in a brown brick house.
Brown brick house?
Maple Lane.
Yes, it was her.
Yeah.
Okay.
What are you going to see?
Yeah, I'm making lots of friends.
Okay.
You guys have fun at the movie.
Yeah. Okay. Bye.
Egyptian friendship stone.
Well, if you're a friendship stone,
then I'm Madonna.
Allison.
Allison Denny.
Look at me, Allison.
Look into my eyes.
Caze into my eyes.
Who are you? What do you want?
I believe you have what I want, Allison.
Just keep looking into my eyes.
It's the amulet I want.
I need the amulet.
No, go away.
It stops.
Don't go further.
Keep watching if you can stand the terror
because your chance to call and win is coming.
Kids can go absolutely wild
at Universal Studios Florida.
Screaming, flying,
blasting, gasping,
thrilling, rocking,
rolling, shaking,
laughing, and jamming.
Only at Universal Studios Florida.
Home of Nickelodeon Studios.
So don't miss it.
Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida.
Where kids have more fun than anyone.
Well, almost anyone.
You have to see this.
She was the shyest little girl in Rockport, Maine.
Until Andre touched her heart.
Do you think you lost his mommy?
Opened her eyes.
When I grow up,
you and me can travel around the world.
And showed her what real friends are for.
Andre.
Andre. Faced on a true story.
Graded PG. Special previews this Saturday, August 13th
and Sunday, August 14th.
Check newspapers for matinees.
Recently, there have been numerous studies done on vitamins.
In fact, there have been over 100 separate studies
done on vitamin C alone.
Researchers have found that vitamin C,
when part of a healthy, high-fiber, low-fat diet,
may actually help reduce the risk of some types of cancer.
But there is one thing all those studies didn't tell you.
Florida oranges and orange juice
are among the best natural sources of vitamin C.
100% pure Florida orange juice.
To your health.
Now, this garage better be clean.
While you're at it, wash the car.
Sure.
Starburst with real fruit juice.
But control is only 137.
This Magnavox VCR with remote and on-screen programming
is 177.
And this Magnavox camcorder with high-speed shutter
and autofocus is just 467.
The brand names you know and trust
at the lowest certified prices every day only.
Nurse, how close are the contractions?
Are you in unbearable pain?
Is it torture?
Paramount Pictures presents
The Things That Endure Forever.
Family. Why do you hate the baby?
We just want to play with him.
Especially his head.
Love.
Women must follow you everywhere.
Poor detectives.
And friendship.
Why are you dressed like somebody died?
Adams Family Values.
Wait.
Rated PG-13.
To go forward into the past, the carved stone continues.
For you.
Now I can do that.
How did you get in my room?
Your room?
This is my room.
What's going on?
I don't know.
Who came flying out of my mirror?
Your mirror?
Who are you?
I'm Thomas Jefferson Bradshaw.
And this is my grandmother's house.
No, this is our house.
We moved in here last week.
Are you sure of the address?
15 Maple Lane.
Something really weird just happened.
I want you to leave now.
Thomas Jefferson Bradshaw.
This is my room.
But it's different.
Listen, Tom.
I'm Allison.
And I think I've got some kind of magic stone.
Magic stone?
This.
It changed the mirror and I saw you.
Like it opened a door to a different dimension.
Or a different...
What's the date today?
March 13th.
Yeah, but what year?
What year?
Don't you know anything?
It's 1892.
Are you serious?
1892?
That's over 100 years ago.
Tom, this stone let me travel back in time.
This is my house.
Only 100 years ago.
Golly.
Sounds like a story Jules Verne would write.
Yeah.
Or Steven Spielberg.
Who?
Don't believe this.
I mean, look at this stuff.
Those are my parents.
She wakes up.
She's gonna cane me.
That's terrible.
What about your parents?
They died when I was younger.
I was throwing a child.
Really?
I'm a lonely child, too.
What about your friends?
I don't have any.
My grandmother never lets me in the house.
You're kidding.
That's gross.
Were you allowed to bring your friends
into this house in your time?
I would have if I had any.
I'm not exactly Miss Popularity.
Allison, are you really from the future?
Yeah, I guess I am.
Golly, Jeepers must be wonderful.
Hey, why don't I show you?
How?
Well, we'll go back the way I came
through the mirror.
I mean, oh, this could be great.
I could take you to a movie
and get a pizza.
Man, you're gonna die when you see video games.
Die?
I don't want to die.
I didn't mean die as in, like, checkout time.
It's a figure of speech.
Come on.
Checkout time?
We'll work with any mirror.
I don't know. Let's see.
What's wrong?
Well, there was this really horrible man
outside my house.
He wanted the stone.
Yeah, well, don't worry.
I got a cracker jacket.
Shot.
OK.
Well, we gotta go through sometime.
Yep.
It's, it's my house.
And mine.
All right.
Our house.
What did you look like?
Wait, the neighbors.
You're not the man?
No, it's OK.
What are you doing here?
I came to warn you about that stone.
It appears it really is a powerful amulet.
Yeah, I found that out.
It seems it belongs to a rather nasty fellow
by the name of Brother Septimus.
He was supposed to have been hanged in the 15th century,
but now, unfortunately, it's still really amulet.
What do we do?
This way.
Oh, you will suffer the torment of eternal pain
perhaps all across me, Mr. Sharpie.
Eternal pain seems rather harsh.
Yes, but I'll not be denied any longer.
Why do you retrieve the amulet
or so slice open your miserable caucus
and serve it to the great Rats of the Abyss?
Impregnable.
I'm here.
You will pay time.
I don't even know what's going on.
Come on.
When you hold the amulet next to a mirror,
it opens the door through time.
A door through time?
This could be worth millions.
Look, we have to get to him before Septimus does.
Not so fast. Not so fast.
Now, if I could just get past that
horrid demon person,
I could turn this into a small fortune.
Or could it still
a huge fortune?
Mr. Sardo, wait!
That's Sando. No, skip it.
How does it work?
Like this?
Give me the amulet.
I don't have the amulet.
I grow so weary of this game, Ty.
You know not the power
with which you deal.
You will suffer
having toyed with me.
Leave her alone.
I got you, Rock.
You?
Pathetic little urchin.
You believe you are a match
for me, you and your little toy?
All fall on the knees for me.
Don't look into his eyes.
Even death himself bows to me.
The great Septimus.
I need the amulet.
It was so much easier.
Traveling through time to claim my victim
on far too long without one.
You shall have the honor
of being my next son.
Check out time.
Mr. Stone, you got it, didn't you?
It's too late.
But you have to.
I can't.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
I'm glad I finally made a friend.
Goodbye, Allison.
Goodbye.
Have a good life.
My?
What an interesting twist of fate.
What?
What is it?
Friends forever.
The amulet was gone.
Brother Septimus was never seen again.
And Allison would never forget
the first friend she made
in her new home.
I declare this meeting
of the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time.
It starts with hearts.
So, Dave, how was San Francisco?
It was great.
Did you drive across the Golden Gate Bridge?
No.
Did you see Alcatraz?
Is that there?
Well, what did you do?
I found this sourdough roll.
Introducing Wendy's sourdough bacon cheeseburger.
It's a San Francisco-style roll
stuffed with a quarter pound of fresh beef,
Monterey Jack, bacon, and Dijon sauce.
Reminds me of when I was in San Francisco.
I met this sailor.
Hey, look at the time.
Gotta go.
We only went to the library.
You can find it in San Francisco and at any Wendy's.
Six Life is the number two theme park company
in the United States,
and that means we've got to work really hard.
We're in the fantasy business.
I mean, you look around at this,
and, you know, you're in another world.
We've got to be cleaner than reality,
friendlier than reality.
Most people don't realize we're this big.
The good news is there should be
something for everybody.
When you're number two,
you have to have a few things
number one doesn't have.
And what we've got is some very exciting rides.
If you're not a chicken.
No.
No matter where you live,
there's six flags near you.
Yeah, that's close.
Be brave and keep watching.
You could get a prize if you do.
Have a pencil ready
because you're a chance to call and win
and are you afraid of the
dark prize packages coming up
here on SNCC.
Ready for more?
Get in.
The studio has some guy
running yellow bit during the day,
but he's gone home.
Let's try this one.
Whoops, wrong button.
Oh, what's this one?
This is it, I think.
Midnight.
Till midnight.
Hi guys.
Hey, hi.
I was distracted.
Yeah, right.
I was.
Let's go again.
You and me.
Come on.
Forget it, Pee Wee.
Hey, I can beat you
any time, any place.
What's going on?
Tucker's mad
because Kiki called him a runt.
I'm sorry, okay?
No, you're not.
You're just scared
to beat you.
Yeah, that must be it.
I'm scared.
I'm speaking of scare.
You're up tonight, Sam.
You ready?
Sure.
I've got a story
about something incredibly horrifying.
But it's not monsters or demons
or any of the usual scary stuff.
It's about something
that can strike any one of us
at any time.
And it's always
when we least expect it.
What is it?
True love.
Kid.
Come on.
Who says love isn't scary?
It can really hurt sometimes.
Love is what people live for.
And in my story,
it's sort of what they die for.
Submitted for the approval
of the Midnight Society,
I call this story
the tale of the dream girl.
Johnny and Erica
were brother and sister,
and they were really close.
Yeah!
Come on, it's quarter after.
I've got a ton of homework
and we've got to close out.
Yeah, yeah.
I just finished lubing the pin setter.
I got to make sure it won't crash on me.
Yeah, right.
You're just playing.
They even worked it at the same place.
The Bola Ramilanes.
Yeah!
Perfect.
As usual.
And modest too.
Hey.
Did I ever tell you
you're my favorite sister?
I'm your only sister.
Yeah.
Hurry up.
Erica was a waitress.
Johnny, the repair guy.
Come in or what?
Yeah, yeah.
You put this in here?
Nope.
Hmm.
It's the girl's ring.
Oh, it's stuck.
Really?
Great.
Now you can go study with yourself.
Hardy-har-har.
Reach in the front.
No, I can't get this thing off.
Johnny!
Sorry.
Don't you try salt?
I tried everything except cutting my finger off.
Bed time.
School tomorrow.
Come on, Mom.
I've still got it.
Erica, please.
Don't argue.
It's late.
Good night, Mom.
Jeez, what's the matter with her?
Oh, she's got a lot on her mind.
Yeah, I guess so.
So you come in or what?
No, I'm gonna do a little channel surfing.
Get the light, will you?
Good night.
Johnny?
Johnny, where are you?
Oh, man.
Give me a cola, would you, Erica?
Man, I am living a charmed life.
Really?
Why?
Just closed out another month without having to hire another maintenance guy?
We haven't had a breakdown in four months.
The longer I hold off hiring somebody, the better my books look.
The better I look.
Life is sweet.
Yeah, thanks to me.
What are you doing out here?
Why can't I come out here?
Uh, he'll pitch a fit if you get grease on him.
Well, good.
At least he'll know I'm around.
Who does he think keeps this place running anyway?
Don't worry about it.
Erica, I can't do it all myself.
I swear, if you didn't...
What?
You promise not to laugh if I tell you something?
No.
I've been having these really weird dreams lately.
About this beautiful girl with long hair and amazing eyes.
Yeah, so?
You and every other guy?
Yeah, but it's so real.
You know, I've never seen her before.
And I can't stop thinking about her.
And she looks a lot like that girl over there.
Cheryl Lighthart?
I know.
I know it sounds stupid.
But maybe this dream is some kind of sign.
This could be fate.
Johnny, wait!
It's okay, Elaine.
I'll handle it.
And how may I help you, ladies?
I set a size six, not a size nine.
What are your eyes upside down?
Hi, Cheryl.
You don't know me.
And I don't know how to say this, but...
You guys hear someone talking to me?
I don't see anyone.
Must be your imagination.
Come on, let's go.
Must be great to be so perfect.
Yeah.
Where's my stuff?
It's me.
It's Donna.
Don't...
Bills.
What a surprise.
More bill.
Hey, Mom.
Mom.
I forgot this.
Erica.
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
You know I'll never stop thinking of you.
Of Donna Mainland.
Where'd you get this?
It's the girl.
It's a girl for my dreams.
Meet me tonight, midnight.
I'll be at the bowl around the snack bar.
That's after closing.
You gonna go?
I don't know.
I mean, I guess I should, but...
You have to see her, Erica.
She's so beautiful.
There's just something about her.
I gotta find out who she is.
About time you showed up.
What are you doing here?
This place is supposed to be closed.
Closed?
Never.
Let's just say we're the night shift.
Hot apple pie à la mode with a two-cold chaser.
That's my favorite. How'd you know that?
We know.
What's your hurry?
Johnny.
I, uh...
I hope I'm not late.
I thought you weren't gonna show.
I'd never stand you up.
Well, I can't.
You're wearing my ring.
This is yours?
Well, how did you?
Let's dance.
Who are you?
How do you know me?
You must know.
But I found...
It's almost time to go.
I want you to come with me.
Where? You just got here.
But it's almost time.
Better hurry.
Oh, it's too late.
Too late?
I'll wait for you, Johnny.
Wait? For what?
Till midnight, we'll be right back.
We'll be around, if you dare.
Pencil's ready.
You're about to be rewarded for your courage.
The details on how you can call and win
and are you afraid of the dark prize package
are coming up in seconds, only on SNCC.
Do you love Looney Tunes?
Well, check out this Looney Tune fact.
Nickelodeon's got more Roadrunner Coyote
than anyone else.
Anyone.
That's more Roadrunner.
Meep, meep.
More Coyote.
More fine Acme products.
That's a fact.
Meep, meep.
So if you love Looney Tunes,
Nickelodeon is the only network for you.
It's hard to believe the one your family loves
has only one gram of sugar.
They may give you wrinkles, but we won't.
Introducing Hager and Dockers Wrinkle-Free Slots
for kids.
On sale now through Saturday
at the JC Penney Wrinkle-Free Sale.
Kids win a Nickelodeon player.
Super toy run.
Nickel treat.
Schools out slimes.
Get on your feet.
Send in a postcard for a chance to win.
Go get a voice.
I won.
Yes, I did.
Well, I lost this part.
I won a win.
Send in a postcard for a chance to win.
If we pick you, we're gonna make your grin.
Nickelodeon replaced.
Where are the only kids winning?
Erika?
Oh, man, you're not gonna believe this.
She was there.
Donna met me, but...
Wait.
Before you say anything else,
is this the girl you've been seeing?
Yeah.
Yeah, Donna. Donna Mainland. What's she doing here?
She's dead, Johnny.
She died in a car accident.
She was driving with her boyfriend
and their car stalled on these railroad tracks
just out by Waterloo Road.
They both got out that Donna forgot her ring,
this school ring that her boyfriend had just given her.
So she went back to get it.
And the train came.
The ring?
She said I had her ring.
She was there, Erika.
I swear it.
I mean, I talked to her.
She's a ghost.
And she said that she wanted me to go with her.
And it's all because of this.
Don't run from me, Johnny.
I want you to come with me.
Look, take your stupid ring back.
I don't want it.
Don't you understand?
It's you that I want.
You must know that by now.
Just, just, just leave me alone.
It's time, Johnny.
No!
Johnny? Johnny?
Are you okay?
Did you see her?
Who?
Sit down and relax, please.
Yeah, okay. When a ghost comes after you,
let's see if you can relax.
Johnny, are you sure it's the ring
that's making all this happen?
What do you mean?
Hello?
It's for you.
Me?
Look, this is all some kind of joke
and I'm not buying it anymore, understand?
This isn't funny, so just leave me alone.
I'm sorry, Johnny.
I won't bother you anymore.
You still think this is all a joke?
You know, maybe all she wants is a ring back.
Maybe I should give it to her.
Well, how are you gonna do that?
You told her to leave you alone.
Well, then, then I gotta find her.
Oh, she's really a ghost.
I can think of a pretty good place to start.
Hey, you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
Just a little jumpy, that's all.
You find anything?
Uh, no, you...
No, look at this.
Donna Maitland.
This is it. This is so grave.
You sure?
Well, yeah, look at it.
How many other Donna Maitlands could there be?
Well, yeah, I guess,
but how did you know it would be right here?
I didn't.
I just kind of...
Happened to wander away from me,
get lost, and trip right over it?
What are you talking about?
You knew exactly where she was buried, Johnny.
Why do you think that is?
Look, I don't know what you mean.
Maybe you've been here before.
Did you ever think about that?
No way, why would I have been here?
I'm in a cemetery.
Why don't you tell me, Johnny?
You remember what happened.
The car stalled on the tracks, right?
No.
And then Donna got out,
but she forgot her ring.
Her school ring, and went running back for it.
And then what happened, Johnny?
I turned back.
I tried to push her out of the way, but it was too late.
Donna made Linda and John.
It's me, isn't it?
I'm afraid so.
And that means I'm...
Why don't you just tell me?
Because you didn't remember.
You just came back from the accident
and acted as if nothing had happened.
Johnny, I was the only one who could see you.
And for some really weird reason,
you didn't remember the accident.
You didn't even know you were dead.
No wonder I'm so bummed all the time.
So what do I do?
Well, now that you know, everything's gonna be okay.
We can still be a family and go on living,
and everything will be fine.
Johnny, is that you?
Back to me.
I don't think I can stay.
You and Donna belong together.
It's time, Johnny, after her.
You don't want to lose her again.
I'm really gonna miss you.
You know, you're my favorite sister.
I'm your only sister.
Always going to miss Johnny.
But it made her feel better to know that he was happy at last.
With the girl of his dreams.
The end.
Good one, Sam.
Cool.
You're a ghost and you don't know it.
Yeah.
Like you're a runt and you don't even know it.
I'll show you who's a runt!
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society Close.
The biggest selection of name brand televisions, appliances,
and more is at Sun TV for less.
This tap and 30 inch gas or electric range is just 212.
This family size roper, automatic washer and dryer
are only 377 for the pair.
And Frigidaire's 18 cubic foot frost free refrigerator freezer
is just 397.
The brand names you know and trust
at the lowest certified prices every day only from Sun TV.
Nurse, how close are the contractions?
Are you in unbearable pain?
Is it torture?
Marie?
Paramount Pictures presents
It's an Adams.
The things that endure forever.
Family.
Why do you hate the baby?
We just want to play with him.
Especially his head.
Love.
Women must follow you everywhere.
Poor detectives.
And friendship.
Why are you dressed like somebody died?
Adams Family Values.
Wait.
Rated PG-13.
I'm Professor Flurk.
Today we are conducting an experiment
to see which is more stimulating.
Nickelodeon magazine or a herring.
Nickelodeon magazine is very amused, very entertained.
While the subject reading the herring is, well, not.
To get Nickelodeon magazine, have an adult call this number.
You'll get six issues for $9.97.
It has features like...
Behind the scenes at Nickelodeon.
Interviews with really big stars.
And a comic book.
You can't get anywhere else.
While the herring just has kind of a fishy smell.
Sure.
Research clearly shows Nickelodeon magazine
is a better choice.
To get six issues for $9.97,
give this number to the nearest adult
and tell them to call.
And do tell them about today's incredible experiment.
Friends come and friends go.
And I'm sorry to say that two of our good friends
have gone.
David and Kristen's families have moved.
They won't be hearing their stories anymore.
But they'll always be a part of the Midnight Society.
We'll miss them.
But that means that we have room for two new members.
Betty Ann?
My friend Sam wants to join.
But needs time to work on initiation story.
Well, that's cool. No rush.
I've got someone I want to sponsor.
And I brought him here tonight.
He's ready.
So bring him on.
Kind of small, isn't he?
Oh, I'll show you small.
Oh, man, not a chance.
No way.
Come on, man, not your little brother.
I've got no choice.
I've either got to bring him or I can't come anymore.
You're kidding.
Hey, we're not babysitters.
You know, members got to tell stories.
If you scabs would lighten up, maybe I could tell one.
Listen, give him a chance.
You'd really have to quit?
Yeah, yeah, I know.
This better be good, or I'm going to let Frank pound you.
Okay.
You guys make up ghost stories all the time.
But there are some ghost stories that have been around for so long
that it makes you wonder if maybe, just maybe,
they might not be made up.
My story is about a famous ghost.
And about a legend that's so popular, it just won't die.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story, The Tale of the Midnight Ride.
They called him the Headless Horseman.
Legend says he was a soldier who had his head ripped off
by a stray cannonball.
Night after night, his ghost would ride through the countryside
near Sleepy Hollow, searching for a new head
and a victim to steal it from.
Then, one Halloween night,
a lonely schoolmaster named Ichabod Crane
took a wrong turn in the woods
and was chased down by the demon ghost.
Ichabod rode like crazy to get to the Bridge of Souls.
A bridge the Headless Horseman could never cross.
But he didn't make it,
and poor Ichabod was never seen again.
Ever since then, on Halloween night,
the ghost of the Headless Horseman and Ichabod Crane
returned to Sleepy Hollow to ride again.
Or so the legend says.
Ian Matthews just moved to Sleepy Hollow
and was trying hard to make friends.
But like everything Ian did,
sometimes he tried a little too hard.
Hands up!
Sorry babe.
Um, um, please allow me.
Oh, thanks.
He really burns me sometimes.
Hi, I'm Ian.
I'm Katie.
Um, aren't we in the same leg class?
I sit by the-
Window. Uh, yeah, we are.
What is all this stuff?
Um, decorations for the Halloween dance tonight.
Uh, tonight?
Uh, hey, I'm available if you need any help.
Really? Look, that'd be great.
I could use all the-
No, look what he did.
Oh, is it gonna help?
If you want to help, you can get this fixed prano.
You know, and bring it inside, you know,
because we'll be setting up for the dance.
We know.
Hey.
She put moves on Katie.
Not if she wants to live.
How do you like Sleepy Hollow?
It's nice.
But, you know, kind of boring compared to the city,
but it's nice.
You're from the city?
Yeah, I just moved in this summer.
Need some help, babe?
No, thanks, babe.
We're almost done.
So, are you gonna dance with me or not?
Brad, how many ways do I have to say it?
It's over.
We don't go out anymore.
Look, I'll say it when we don't go out anymore.
Good thing you've got such a hard head.
Sorry about that.
So, are you going to the dance tonight?
Why, are you asking?
You stay away from her.
Unless you want to walk around teethless.
I'm sorry.
You give me really juicy mouth sometimes.
You give me really scary, too.
Don't let it bother you.
Are you coming tonight?
Wouldn't miss it.
Great.
David, answer me.
Well, this is gonna be interesting.
Great minds.
Think alike.
I love bumping in old friends.
Come on, feel me deep.
I bet I'd be most happy to pay you, my lady.
Ian was kind of a goofy guy.
And everybody thought he was pretty funny.
Well, almost everybody.
Ian didn't know it,
but he was walking through some very dangerous territory.
Thanks.
Yeah, I think I know how you do it.
Take her out, geek.
Listen, just let me just...
Call me crazy, but you know, I don't think she wants to talk to you.
It's okay, Ian. I need to...
Excuse me?
I think you should leave her alone.
Oh!
Oh, shit.
Brad, don't do this.
Put your fists down, geek.
Rather not.
Look, I don't want to fight you.
I'm gonna do you a favor.
Uh, good, I think.
Brad, cut the macho stuff. It's old.
You know the legend of Sleepy Hollow?
Uh, yes, order.
Well, let me refresh your memory.
It was Halloween night.
Back in 1700, whatever.
When Ecobod Crane came to a fork in the road.
Now, he should have gone left,
but he went right.
So, instead of getting to the bridge of souls,
a bridge the headless horseman could never cross over,
he went deeper into the woods.
Yeah, I know.
The headless horseman threw a pumpkin and took his head.
So what?
So, it's Halloween.
And we have a tradition here in Sleepy Hollow.
When some new guy shows up, he's gotta be initiated.
Oh, please.
But what are you gonna take my head?
Not exactly.
See, the old bridge is still there, just like in the story.
It's through the park and into the woods.
Yeah, so?
So what you gotta do is go to the bridge,
get the headless horseman's pumpkin.
Just like we all did.
Come on, Ian, you don't have to...
You're kidding, right?
You got a choice.
Go get the pumpkin.
We'll cut you some slack.
Don't get it.
You can put your fists back on.
Well, since I don't believe in ghost,
I'll take my chance with the pumpkin.
Have fun.
This isn't a tradition.
You don't have to do this.
Hey, it's okay.
You know, I'll play a little game, get it over with,
save an answer me.
Okay, goodbye.
Which way to the bridge?
You went right.
I'm going left.
Okay, guys, where's the pumpkin?
Nice touch.
Yeah, haha, Brad, I know it's you.
Give me a break.
You guys aren't...
Oh!
Brad, help!
Don't take my hand!
No!
Oh, man, this is gonna go down in history.
Don't mess with me, you little weasel.
I'll take your head off myself.
Let's go, Katie.
I'm staying with Ian.
Would you forget this, loser?
Brad, I'm sick of your stupid games.
Why don't you just take your traveling circus, please?
I'm leaving you alone.
Hey, do whatever you want.
Just remember, it's Halloween.
And I don't think your pal here has the guts to stand up to the real head this horseman if he shows up.
Ian, I'm really sore.
No, no.
Hey, I like ridicule.
I can't wait for school on Monday,
because, you know, I'm gonna get tons.
Listen, would you walk me home?
T's the one thing that would make this horrible night worth while, my lady.
I'm gonna take thee, my muddy arm.
Till midnight, we'll be right back.
Stick around if you dare.
Nickelodeon, the place where all the kids win.
So many kids win a Nickelodeon.
Well, super toy run, nickel treats,
school's outside, get on your feet.
Send in a postcard for a chance to win.
Go get a boy.
I won! Yes, I did!
Well, I lost this part.
I won a win!
Send in a postcard for a chance to win.
If we pick you, we're gonna make your grin.
Nickelodeon, the place where all the kids win.
Oh!
Sunday, based on our true story.
Rated PG.
Special Advanced Previews this weekend,
Saturday, August 13th and Sunday, August 14th.
Check newspapers for matinees.
This is a square inch.
A wheat thin is the most real food.
Delicious crunchiness, the most muchiness.
Wheat thin is the most taste you can get
in a square inch.
I've always been selected with who I date.
When I first met Steve, he swept me off my feet.
I thought he was the one.
He was the one who infected me with HIV.
I should have gone to Geneva B Scruggs
for HIV education and counseling.
When I met Gina, I knew it was gonna become serious.
We decided to make a commitment.
A commitment to be tested for HIV and other STDs.
We called Geneva B Scruggs Healthcare Center.
We now feel safe in our relationship.
For a confidential HIV test and other related services,
call 894-3550.
The biggest selection of name brand televisions,
appliances and more is at Sun TV for less.
This IBM 486SX with 129-meg hard drive
and 4-megagram is only $787.
And this Packard Bell 486SX multimedia system
with 210-meg hard drive,
4-megagram and preloaded software is just $987.
The brand names you know and trust
at the lowest certified prices every day,
only from Sun TV where you know you pay less.
And now, back to the tale of the midnight ride.
I think you're really brave.
You know, Brad never would have come out here by himself.
Hey, you're shivering. Take my jacket.
No, I'm okay.
It was brave how you stood up to Brad at the deal, too.
You're right, Raven. Stupid.
No, it's about time someone's deducted.
Hey, listen, you hear that?
It's a horse.
It's Brad Ryan.
I don't think so.
I, uh, think you'd better...
Good evening, children.
Oh, I didn't mean to startle you.
I'm afraid I've lost my way in these wretched woods.
Would you be so kind as to direct me to the bridge of souls?
Uh, yeah, sure.
I'll take, uh, left at the fork.
Oh, lucky thing.
I surely would have taken a right.
Thank you kindly.
Who are you?
Crane.
It's about Crane, the new schoolmaster.
Good evening.
You gotta be...
Where'd he go?
Let's get you home. Let's...
Me, too.
I mean, I'm glad I met you.
Uh, at the risk of needing dental work,
I, uh, I'd like to see you again.
Me, too.
I mean, I'd like to see you again.
I, I just remember my bike.
Um, I, I left, I left it at the school.
Good night.
You spooking yourself, you know, boy?
Oh, come on.
Brad. Brad.
I'm not buying it.
Man, this guy is good.
The key. I forgot my stupid jacket.
Good to get it. I'm happy.
Ah!
It's just me.
What are you doing here?
Yeah, thanks, you know, but I, I, I could've got it tomorrow.
Ah.
Ah, come on. I'll, I'll ride you home.
Relax. Why are you so nervous?
You know, Brad, the bridge.
You know that real wacky guy in that costume?
You know, let's just pretend not to be the server.
Ian?
It's it. I've had it.
Enough's enough, Brad. All right?
She doesn't like you anymore.
You want to fight, we'll fight.
We'd stop with the stupid games.
Well, what is this? What's the matter?
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow just stopped being a legend.
Look, Brother Powell.
Katie, to think him out of the world, this is no joke.
It's the headless horseman.
I thought he's supposed to be after Ichabod Crane.
Yeah, except we told old Ichabod how to get to the bridge.
We changed this story.
Now it's after us.
There's only one thing we can do.
What?
We got to play the story out.
We got to get to the bridge. You can't cross it.
Oh, no, if you think I'm going to...
I think we lost him.
I don't think we'd be stupid enough to come back here.
There! You can't get both of us.
All distract him. You run for the bridge.
He'll get you!
You got a better idea?
Yeah. All distract him.
No! Come and get him.
This lecture works both ways.
Yes, not.
And I thought this place was boring.
What?
We set the story straight.
Wonderful.
Your children should not be out so late.
They've been on Halloween to boot.
They say these woods are haunted, you know.
Why are you coming back?
Oh, I'm afraid I've totally lost my way.
I think it best to go back to the fork and take the right path.
That should set things straight.
Yeah, I think it probably will.
Take care.
Beware, the headless horseman.
Happy Halloween!
The end.
Well, you'll do.
Excellent.
Keep him out of my face.
Yes!
Nice going, bro. Welcome to the Midnight Society.
Put out the fire. I'm going to catch up.
I hope I'm not going to regret this.
I got Looney Tunes back.
What's up, gang?
Nick's got more Looney Tunes than any other network.
Looney Tunes.
More Looney Tunes.
We're beginning to end.
More than anyone else.
So if you love Looney Tunes,
Nickelodeon is the only network for you.
Nickelodeon wants you to know that not all the scenes
in Are You Afraid of the Dark are scary.
For example, in this scene, just a boy listening to the radio.
Okay, skip that.
Well, right here, just a girl with a flashed life.
Next, okay. Not a bit scary here with the glasses.
Whoa!
All right, it's a little scary,
but you'd have no excuse to hide under the furniture.
Watch Are You Afraid of the Dark
every Saturday at 9.38, 30 Central, only on Snake.
This is a commercial for cheese. Time for a snack.
There's some cheese in the fridge.
Throw some cheese on your fruits and muffins.
They'll taste terrific.
Hmm, looks good, man.
Welcome to Burger King, big and mega supreme.
Yeah, a third pound of flame-boiled beef with bacon.
Cheese, lettuce, tomato.
Anything else, sir? Like one for me?
The new flame-boiled bacon mega supreme.
More great taste for more great value at Burger King.
Psst, fruit and fiber has a great new taste,
and we just can't keep it under wraps.
I got a great new taste.
Now with crispy multigrain flakes.
More raisins, more walnuts, more dates.
Got a lot of great new taste.
And oat clusters with a touch of brown sugar.
Oh yeah, I got a great new taste.
A new taste so delicious, it shows.
The new post-fruit and fiber cereal.
It's fruit and fiber.
And a great new taste.
So, why do you want to work here?
I'll tell you why. Opportunity.
When I was your age, I heard it knocking loud and clear.
I remember it well. I was with the bank, interning.
Good job.
So, are you ready to get your feet wet?
Absolutely.
Still here? Good.
I couldn't let you leave without showing you this.
Touch anything, magic happens.
You get a chance to experiment,
especially when no one's around.
You know what I mean?
You can practically anything to an image.
Of course, you always have to know what you're doing.
If you don't.
Midnight snack till midnight.
Yeah, just right for a tale of terror.
What are you doing?
Getting ready for fright night. What else?
What is that?
It's a magic flute from my dad's shop.
It's supposed to make it rain.
You're not supposed to take dad's stuff.
Dad's magic never works.
Never say never.
Maybe you're just doing it wrong.
You think?
You never know the power of something magical
until it's been tested.
I hope this is about your story.
If you believe in magic,
then you know it can be very powerful.
But only if you understand how to use it.
Magical powers can be used for good.
But if you don't know what you're doing,
back off,
because that same power can turn against you.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story,
The Tale of the Quick Silver.
To trap a creature in night,
trace a door on a wall with chalk so white.
Our barbarous locoradi.
Creature of darkness, come to me.
Last one gets a lumpy bed.
I like the lumpy bed.
It's cold in here.
It's great.
Let's get our stuff.
Okay, that's it for now, guys. Bed time.
I think we've got to skip school tomorrow.
Yeah, there's plenty of unpacked.
School can wait.
No, it can't.
You feel all right.
Yeah, just tired.
Well, you both look exhausted.
Now, come on, hit the sheets.
No staying up late telling ghost stories, either.
I mean it, Erin.
Every time you do, you scare your brother half to death.
Okay? Up you go.
Okay.
Night.
Good night.
What was that?
I felt like an earthquake.
Mom said no scary stuff.
I didn't do it.
Yeah, sure.
Oh, I get it.
Paybacks were telling you those stories at the hotel last night.
Well, sorry, pal,
but I don't scare like you.
You are so full of it.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Come here.
Uh, wait, wait, wait.
Shouldn't we clean this up?
No.
No problem.
Hi, Erin.
Hi.
I'm Ms. Berg.
I'll introduce you to the rest of the class.
Class, we have a new student joining us,
Erin Johnston.
Please make him feel welcome.
Erin, you can take the seat next to Connie.
Sorry.
Ow, ow.
Mr. Johnston, please take your seat.
Open your geometry books to page 60.
Are you a comedian, Mr. Johnston?
No, never.
I was just good.
We don't tolerate comedians in this classroom.
Now pick up your things.
We'll be having a quiz tomorrow,
so I suggest you take notes.
This is not a good start, Mr. Johnston.
Maybe I'm jinxed or something.
Yeah.
Hey, is she okay?
You don't look that healthy.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Hi, Erin.
Cool necklace.
Huh?
Your necklace.
I like it.
Oh, yeah.
It was my grandfather's.
He was a pilot.
It's his wings.
They're silver.
I noticed that.
Well, I'll see you tomorrow.
Yeah.
Erin's got a girlfriend.
Do not.
Do not?
I don't.
Leave me.
Wow, cool dream.
You're controlled.
Trace a door in a wall with chalk so white.
Connie?
What are you doing?
Whoa.
Cool.
Arobarious.
Locorati.
Creature of darkness.
Come to me.
Who are you talking to?
Whoa.
I just had this nightmare.
There was this, this nasty looking guy
and Connie was there.
That girl from school?
Yeah.
Figures.
You feeling all right?
Not really.
I think I'm sick.
It's Connie, but it says Laura.
Then who's that?
Midnight.
Until midnight we'll be right back.
Stick around if you dare.
We're in the fantasy business.
You look around and you're in another world.
It's got to be cleaner than reality.
Friendlier than reality.
There should be something for everybody.
When you're number two, you have to have a few things.
What we've got is a very exciting ride.
If you're not a chicken.
No matter where you live, there's six bikes near you.
Get your tickets at the gate or in advance by calling 214-706-0606.
That cute little street in Spain.
A scene worth preserving on film.
You raise your camera and say to yourself,
gee, what's that noise?
Why risk your camera when you can use ours?
Fuji quick snap, one-time use cameras.
Did you see it?
What? Why are you screaming?
There was a ghost.
More ghost stories.
But this one's for real.
I think you've got a fever.
Have you guys been up all night?
There was a ghost.
It came through the wall.
Guys, enough.
Look, I want you both in bed right now.
Come on. Let's go.
Now.
I'm sure you're okay.
No, I'm not okay.
A ghost has tried to get...
Go to sleep.
You'll feel better in the morning.
Good night, guys.
And no more ghost stories.
I do this all the time.
And it just...
Hi, Connie.
Hi, Erin.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Alone?
Sure.
See ya.
What's up?
Are you related to a girl named Laura Turner?
Why?
Because I have to talk to her.
That's not funny.
I'm not trying to be funny.
Who is she?
Laura's my twin sister.
Who got you to do this?
Nobody.
Is there a problem?
Laura's dead.
Forget it.
Wait.
Have you ever seen this before?
This is Laura's yearbook.
Where did you get this?
Poltergeist.
Friendly spirits.
Yeah, right.
Quicksilver.
A teenage girl, Poltergeist.
Known for leaving the letter Q wherever they haunt.
Q?
There was a...
This is Laura's yearbook.
She had a secret hiding place.
Behind the wall near the floor?
Connie.
I live in your old house.
I know this is hard to talk about, but how did she die?
We only lived in that house a few weeks.
When Laura started telling everyone, she thought it was haunted.
She found out it was built over an old cemetery or something
and said there was an evil creature lurking in the walls.
But she was sick.
She had this fever. The doctors didn't know it was wrong.
Laura said it was the ghost.
Well, what happened?
No one believed her.
How could they? They thought it was the fever.
So she said she had to get rid of the ghost herself.
She got a book on magic.
And one night, she lit some candles.
And no one knows what happened.
The room caught on fire, and she...
I think I know what happened.
I'm not going to get more.
Weird things have been happening ever since I moved in that house.
Then I had this dream.
There was a girl, I thought it was you, but it was Laura.
I don't want to hear this.
She was doing some kind of magic to get rid of the ghost,
but it didn't work.
She looked at me. She looked right at me, Connie,
and she said I did it wrong.
She was telling me how to get rid of the ghost.
I don't believe it. I can't.
Look, I'm sorry if this is mean,
but you didn't believe her the first time.
And look what happened.
It's happening again.
My brother is sick,
and I'm not going to let any ghost or whatever hurt him.
I've seen it.
I believe.
I need your help.
Laura's giving you a second chance.
If that's what you are,
it does mean you're friendly, right?
I don't believe this.
I know. I know. It's okay. Relax.
What's she doing here?
She's going to help us get rid of the bad ghost.
Where's Mom?
She went to pick up Dad at work.
Good. We have to do this before they get back.
I feel so weird being here after all this time.
This is it.
This is the stuff Laura used in my dream.
Mom didn't have the heart to throw them away.
What are you going to do?
We're going to fanch what Laura started.
To trap a creature of night,
trace a door and a wall with chalk so white.
Surrounded by candle lights so pure,
place incense and herbs in a brazier to burn.
Arabarius, Locaradi,
creature of darkness, come to me.
As darkness enters, ready his cage.
A wand made of oak tied with silver
will hold the night creature at bay and forbid him to stray.
Order the night creature into the amulet.
Arabarius, Locaradi, there he will be for an eternity kept.
That thing has my brother.
I don't know if Laura said she did it wrong.
We must have missed something. We must have.
It's coming back.
A wand made of oak tied with silver will...
This is in silver. It's steel.
I command you.
Arabarius, Locaradi.
I command you. Enter the amulet.
Are you okay?
Yeah!
Guys...
Look, I'm sorry I didn't believe you, Laura.
I miss you.
Because Connie finished what her sister started,
Doug got better,
and neither ghost was ever seen again.
The end.
So if you're going to use magic,
make sure you do it right.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
You've stumbled onto a delicious story.
Winner of this year's Emmy Award
for Outstanding Children's Program.
Plus this year's Parents' Choice Hall of Fame Classic Award,
honoring ongoing excellence in a TV series.
I am speechless.
Experienced the magic of one of our most popular series,
Avonlea. Just one of the reasons your family will love the Disney Channel.
See you later, Dad.
Thanks for shining my shoes.
Shoes?
Thanks.
They kind of needed it.
You're all right.
Have fun.
Doing something nice is doing something right.
From the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Hello! I'm Professor Flurk.
Today we are conducting an experiment
to see which is more stimulating.
Nickelodeon magazine or a herring.
The subject reading Nickelodeon magazine
is very amused, very entertained.
Meanwhile, the subject reading the herring is, well, not.
To get Nickelodeon magazine, have an adult call this number.
You'll get six issues for $9.97.
It has features like...